com/example/restaurantws/core/database/RestaurantDB_Impl.java
 com.example.restaurantws.core.database.RestaurantDB_Impl
 com.example.restaurantws.core.database.RestaurantDB_Impl$1
com/example/restaurantws/databinding/FragmentPedidosBinding.java
 com.example.restaurantws.databinding.FragmentPedidosBinding
com/example/restaurantws/databinding/ItemProductsBinding.java
 com.example.restaurantws.databinding.ItemProductsBinding
com/example/restaurantws/databinding/ActivitySignUpBinding.java
 com.example.restaurantws.databinding.ActivitySignUpBinding
com/example/restaurantws/databinding/FragmentPedidoDetailBinding.java
 com.example.restaurantws.databinding.FragmentPedidoDetailBinding
com/example/restaurantws/data/main/PedidosDao_Impl.java
 com.example.restaurantws.data.main.PedidosDao_Impl
 com.example.restaurantws.data.main.PedidosDao_Impl$1
 com.example.restaurantws.data.main.PedidosDao_Impl$2
 com.example.restaurantws.data.main.PedidosDao_Impl$3
 com.example.restaurantws.data.main.PedidosDao_Impl$4
 com.example.restaurantws.data.main.PedidosDao_Impl$5
 com.example.restaurantws.data.main.PedidosDao_Impl$6
 com.example.restaurantws.data.main.PedidosDao_Impl$7
 com.example.restaurantws.data.main.PedidosDao_Impl$8
com/example/restaurantws/databinding/CustomHeaderBinding.java
 com.example.restaurantws.databinding.CustomHeaderBinding
com/example/restaurantws/databinding/ActivitySplashScreenBinding.java
 com.example.restaurantws.databinding.ActivitySplashScreenBinding
com/example/restaurantws/databinding/ItemPedidosBinding.java
 com.example.restaurantws.databinding.ItemPedidosBinding
com/example/restaurantws/databinding/ItemCategoriesBinding.java
 com.example.restaurantws.databinding.ItemCategoriesBinding
com/example/restaurantws/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.example.restaurantws.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/example/restaurantws/databinding/FragmentProductDetailBinding.java
 com.example.restaurantws.databinding.FragmentProductDetailBinding
com/example/restaurantws/databinding/BodyLoginBinding.java
 com.example.restaurantws.databinding.BodyLoginBinding
com/example/restaurantws/databinding/FragmentCategoriesBinding.java
 com.example.restaurantws.databinding.FragmentCategoriesBinding
com/example/restaurantws/databinding/BodySignUpBinding.java
 com.example.restaurantws.databinding.BodySignUpBinding
com/example/restaurantws/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.restaurantws.BuildConfig
com/example/restaurantws/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.restaurantws.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/restaurantws/databinding/FragmentProductsBinding.java
 com.example.restaurantws.databinding.FragmentProductsBinding
com/example/restaurantws/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.restaurantws.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/restaurantws/databinding/ItemPedidoDetailBinding.java
 com.example.restaurantws.databinding.ItemPedidoDetailBinding
com/example/restaurantws/databinding/ActivitySpecialityBinding.java
 com.example.restaurantws.databinding.ActivitySpecialityBinding
